A ChiPy AntiSpam Demo=====================* Author: Paul Ebreo* Experience level: newbie* Interests: Python, Django, and JavascriptPurpose=======A common problem with maintaining a website is filtering out spam.This Django project demonstrates how to implement a "honeypot" approach tofilter spam from the ChiPy RSVP submission form. Basic Algorithm===============A honeypot is any enticing object or resource that is meant to attract antagonists into doing their unwanted behavior, at the same time alerting the person trying to fight the unwanted behavior. In this case, the unwanted behavior is spambots automatically filling out the the ChiPy RSVP form. The honeypotwill be hidden HTML fields which our Django view will perform logic on.To implement the honey pot, I added two extra form fields to the RSVP popup dialog and hid them using jQuery. Those two fields are the "address" field and "phone" field.       <div id="supplementary-fields" style="diplay:block">         <label id="phone" for="phone">Phone</label>        <input id="phone_field" type="text" name="phone" placeholder="708-588-2300">                               <label id="address" for="address">Address</label>        <input id="address_field" type="text" name="address" placeholder="323 N Wacker">    </div> This is the jQuery method when the form dialog is open:    $('#supplementary-fields').css("display", "none");Spambots will indiscriminately fill out the fields and our Django view willhandle the POST data appropriately: reject any form submits that have the hidden "phone" or "address" filled out. This is what the view will look like to handlethe form POST:   def rsvp(request):    """ A view to handle the RSVP form submission """    if request.method == 'POST':        try:            """ Accept if neither ('address' or 'post') are filled in """            if not (request.POST['address'] or request.POST['phone']):                person = Person(name=request.POST['name'],                                email=request.POST['email'],                                ynm=request.POST['response'])                person.save()                return HttpResponseRedirect(reverse('chipy:index'))            else:                return HttpResponse("Not a valid rsvp submission")        except Person.DoesNotExist:            raise Http404    return HttpResponseRedirect(reverse('chipy:index'))It is not very complicated but it is a decent first iteration of the honeypot algorithm.There is much room for improvement obviously.Django unittests============For this project I made 7 unit test methods.* Form submission tests:  - Test the RSVP submit view handling valid data  - Test the RSVP submit view handling invalid data  * RSVP ListView tests:  - Test the ListView to handle no people on the rsvp list  - Test the ListView to handle when people are on the list* Main page tests:  - Test the index view to handle the home page with valid contexts  - Test the index view to handle invalid contexts* Message page test:  - Test a view that handles "About", "Recent Topics", "Give a Talk", "Contact" and "Login" links on home pageInstall & Requirements======================This project utilizes:- Django 1.5- Psycopg2 To install this project just clone this repo and change the `local_setting.py`to your local postgresql db settings and login information.In my case, I installed PostgreSQL with the following setup:    db name: postgres    db username: postgres    pw: 1234    PORT: 54321